---
title: Public goals and accountability
excerpt: I decided to make (some) of my goals public, so that people can hold me accountable. This is mostly so that I'll actually do the final steps for accomplishing the individual goals. I had multiple different website/blog setups in the past. But while I was actually working on blogs, most of the time they ended up sitting in the drafts folder for way too long. Why? Not because they weren't good, but because they weren't perfect. Currently I'm very explicitly trying not to be perfect. I put out things explicitly in an unfinished state to make myself more comfortable with it. Let my flaws and quirks be seen.
slug: public-goals-and-accountability
published: 2024-07-06
tags: []
---

I decided to make (**some**) of my goals public, so that people can hold me accountable. This is mostly so that I'll actually do the final steps for accomplishing the individual goals. For example, I had multiple different website/blog setups in the past. But while I was actually working on blogs, most of the time they ended up sitting in the drafts folder for way too long. Why? Not because they weren't good, but because they weren't **perfect**. When it comes to private stuff I have a bit of an issue with perfectionism which probably has deeper reasons. At work I have deadlines and there's project structures that make it easier to just finish stuff off, but when I do something privately or as a hobby it often felt like a failure or disappointment to put something out that's not completely perfect. This of course is bad. Perfection is very hard and only very seldomly achieved. It ended up blocking me from writing and creating things.

Currently I'm very explicitly trying not to be perfect. I put out things explicitly in an unfinished state to make myself more comfortable with it. Let my flaws and quirks be seen. To be honest, that also goes hand in hand with my development on social media over the last few years. At the beginning I was always scared about making negative impressions or something not being well received. Now I'm just who I am and comfortably put out my authentic self with all the flaws, quirks and weirdness. Social media is often too much of a clean artifically perfect world anyways. People trying to show off how amzing their life is, putting a filter over everything and only sharing the best parts of their lives. This doesn't set healthy refence points for others. We should share our normal ordinary weird ass lives with all their imperfections and not perpetuate some unrealistic standards and goals. I'm glad I found myself a circle now that's explicitly authentic and themselves.

Also I have to mention that I love following others on social media shouting out what they do. Learning in public, showing off their achievements (big and small) and sharing glimpses into their life and personalities. I enjoy it a lot and love the idea. And I think putting my goals out in public as part of that is also kind of a part of it. I hid myself for too long and now just the idea of putting myself out there and sharing myself feels intrigueing and amazing. I absolutely want to do that! 💚

My public goals will develop and change over time, but I'll try to put new goals on here as I set them. I'm also trying to start off relatively easy to begin with and not go all out on goals from the get go. First find a groove with those easier goals and maybe afterwards change things around and add more. And just to remember, not all my goals are public, so there are always gonna be some behind the scenes things that won't end up on here for one reason or another.

## Current goals

### Streaming at least 1-2 times a week

I love interacting with people on Twitch and I thought streaming myself would be a good way to get out of my comfort zone. I'm still not especially good in random social and especially unexpected situations. Part of that is probably due to my childhood background. But I'm actively working on that in multiple ways and streaming will just be one of them. Put myself out there, interact with (mostly) stragers and hang out and get used to it. Surprisingly those issues are only private issues since at work there's more of a framework of what I want to achieve with meetings or talks, etc. and business goals compared to private life. I attempted to start streaming and improve that way a few times before, but it always ended up being 1 stream and then several months of break, basically completely disrupting the plans. This was mostly due to big life events, just generally a lot (sometimes just a ton of really small things that add up) going on. Or me not feeling good enough prepared to do it *perfectly* to get to the above issues again.

### Publishing at least 1-2 pages a month on my website

I basically mentioned a part of this in the example above already. In the past I'd work a ton on the technology behind the website, just to waste it because I never put any actual content on it. Or I wrote content that I edited a few dozen times before finally publishing it, or just letting it dust away in some deeply nested folder somewhere. I want to change this. Get more comfortable putting out content. There's also not really a goal with what I want to put out. Maybe just some of my personal thoughts on topic, sometimes a tech thing. Sometimes it's just a weird view into my quirky thoughts and personality. Just a little spot on the internet where I'm leaving my footsteps. Maybe some others can even identify with who and how I am and it'll feel nice and comfy for them in the middle of clean and sterile online presences.

## Hold me accountable and talk to me about my goals

Feel free to hit me up on social media, email, or wherever to hold me accountable or talk about the goals I set and what I'm working on. You can find my social media and contact points down below in the [footer](#footer). And don't feel shy about it, I'm a very open person (and try to be even more open). Remember: I don't (usually) bite, I byte. 😜
